[Docs] Suggested changes to SEO pages (#12095)
expo/expo: docs/pages/faq/clear-cache-macos-linux.md

---

> title: How to clear the cache in Expo and React Native on MacOS or Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to clear the cache in Expo and React Native on macOS or Linux
```

## What these commands are doing

> It is a good habit to understand what commands you find on the internet before you run them.  We break down each commmand below for Expo CLI and Yarn, but the corresponding commands for NPM and React Native CLI have the same function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a good habit to understand commands you find on the internet before you run them.  We explain each command below for Expo CLI and Yarn, but the corresponding commands for npm and React Native CLI have the same behavior.
```
("Function" and "Behavior" and "Purpose" all work here but the latter are less ambiguous in the context of programming and don't evoke thoughts of code functions.)
